Template: debian-installer/eula/title
Type: text
Description: RPCS-EULA

Template: eula/eula
Type: note
Description: Rackspace Private Cloud Software License Agreement
 The Rackspace Private Cloud Software (the “Software”) is a compilation comprised of various
 components that are available under various open source licenses. The Software is an Ubuntu based
 distribution and includes Chef Server, the Chef Omnibus Installer, the Rackspace Chef Cookbooks,
 various OpenStack components, and the Ubuntu Precise installer. Your use of the Software
 compilation is subject to the terms of: (i) the applicable open source licenses identified at the following
 url and incorporated in this License Agreement by reference: www.rackspace.com/information/legal/rpcswpackages/,
 and (ii) the terms of this License Agreement, but only to the extent that the terms of this License Agreement
 do not conflict with the applicable open source license(s).
 .
 This License Agreement restricts your use and distribution of the Software compilation, but it does
 prohibit the use and distribution or use of the underlying software included in the compilation. That
 software and the underlying source code is governed by the various licenses agreements applicable to
 those components.
 .
 You are hereby licensed to use the Software compilation without charge, on a worldwide, non-exclusive,
 basis, provided that you may not redistribute or modify the Software compilation unless pursuant to a
 separate written agreement with Rackspace US, Inc (“Rackspace”). You may not use the Rackspace Private
 Cloud Software name or trademark without the express written permission of Rackspace This license shall
 continue until revoked by Rackspace, with or without cause, on written notice to you. On receipt of
 notice of termination, you may not further use the Software compilation
 .
 Your use of the Software and its included components is subject to applicable laws, including the export
 laws of the United States and any other jurisdiction where the Software is distributed.
 .
 The Software is provided on an AS IS basis and Rackspace US, Inc. makes no representation or warranty
 of any kind regarding the Software, either express or implied, and specifically disclaims the warranties
 of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and noninfringement. You are solely responsible for
 your use of the Software and assume any and all risks associated with your use or redistribution of the
 Software, including your compliance with applicable licenses.
 .
 Trademarks: You may not remove or modify any trademarks included with the Software compilation.
 OpenStack is a trademark of OpenStack, LLC (to be assigned to the OpenStack Foundation). Ubuntu and
 Canonical are registered trademarks of Canoncial Ltd. OpsCode, the OpsCode logos and Chef are
 trademarks of OpsCode, Inc., Rackspace, Rackspace Private Cloud Software, and Rackspace logos are
 either registered trademarks or trademarks of Rackspace U.S., Inc. in the United States and/or other
 countries. Other trademarks included in or distributed with the Software compilation are the property
 of their respective owners.
 .
 All rights not expressly granted in this License Agreement are reserved.
 .
 This License Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Texas, exclusive of any choice of
 law principle that would require the application of the law of a different jurisdiction, and the laws of the
 United States of America, as applicable.
